you
Soft rice? Come to grandma's house for dinner tonight
Just bring me this trash
You don't take grandma seriously, do you?
Well, I really don't want to see you two right now.
Get out of here now
Cousin, am I wrong?
Take a look.
I bought this from the Shen family, a top aristocratic family in Yanjing
Treasure of the Town House
It's the magazine that controls 70% of the building's wealth
aristocratic Shen family
Master Lin is really amazing
How much is this thing worth, Master Lin?
Not much, not much
No you say
Also surnamed Shen
The Shen family is high up
Why is he such a softie?
You shut up
Husband, ignore the wind
Let's go over there
This is the treasure of the town house
I think you want grandma to die early
Trash, how dare you slander me
Do you not want to stay elsewhere?
I slander you
This thing is called Aguan stone.
The heroism contained in it
Putting it at home will change the feng shui pattern
Grandma has poor physique
If I can make a mistake
He should be in trouble soon
waste
You really consider yourself a member of the Yanjing family, don't you?
Dare to slander me here today
You have to give me an explanation.
Otherwise, I won't finish with you.
What is this?
Why is it so noisy?
grandma
Grandma, grandma
A gift that my grandson spent a lot of time buying
This trash
This trash slandered me that I wanted to kill your grandma
Grandma, you must call the shots for me